# UC003 - Register a Donor on the application

## 1. Requirements Engineering

### 1.1. Primary Actor
Donor

### 1.2. Stakeholders and interests
Donor: Wants to register a new donor on the application. 

### 1.3. Preconditions
Donor is logged into the system.
System is operational.

### 1.4. Success Guarantee
A new donor is successfully registered on the application.

### 1.5. Main Success Scenario
1. The donor initiates the registering process.
2. The system prompts the donor to enter his information, including:
    - First name
    - Last name
    - Phone number
    - Email address
    - Address (Street name, postal code, city and country)
    - NIF
    - Nationality
    - Bank account informations (Bank name, IBAN, Bank account holder name)


3. The donor provides the necessary information.
4. The system validates the entered data.
5. The donor confirms the registration.
6. The system records the donor information and confirms successful registration.

### 1.6. Extensions
*a. The donor asks to cancel the creation of a new donor.
    1. The use case ends
4a. The system detects invalid data
    1. The system notifies which is the problem
    2. The system allows the correction (step 3)

### 1.7. Special Requirements
* **AC01:** The donor should have the following mandatory attributes:

    * First name,
    * Last name,
    * Phone number,
    * Email address,
    * Address,
    * NIF,
    * Bank account informations (Bank name, IBAN, Bank account holder name );

* **AC02:** Address should be complete and accurate.
* **AC03:** Phone number must be in a valid format.
* **AC04:** NIF must be in a valid format.
* **AC05:** Bank account informations must be accurate.


