# UC001 - Register Refugee on the application

## 1. Requirements Engineering

### 1.1. Primary Actor
Refugee

### 1.2. Stakeholders and interests
Refugee: Wants to register a new refugee on the application.

### 1.3. Preconditions
Refugee is logged into the system.
System is operational.

### 1.4. Success Guarantee
A new refugee is successfully registered on the application.

### 1.5. Main Success Scenario
1. The refugee initiates the registering process.
2. The system prompts the refugee to enter his information, including: 

      - Refugee protocol number;
      - First name;
      - Last name;
      - Birth date;
      - Gender;
      - Phone number;
      - Email address;
      - Address (Street name, postal code, city and country);
      - NIF;
      - NISS;
      - SNS number;
      - Nationality;
      - Country of origin;
      - Native language;
      - Others languages;
      - Marital status;
      - Emergency contact (first name, last name, phone number and email address)
      - Medical history;

3. The refugee provides the necessary information.
4. The system validates the entered data.
5. The refugee confirms the registration.
6. The system records the refugee information and confirms successful registration.

### 1.6. Extensions
*a. The refugee asks to cancel the registration process.
    1. The use case ends
4a. The system detects invalid data
    1. The system notifies which is the problem
    2. The system allows the correction (step 3)

### 1.7. Special Requirements
* **AC01:** The refugee should have the following mandatory attributes: 

   * Refugee protocol number, 
   * First name, 
   * Last name, 
   * Birth Date, 
   * Gender, 
   * Phone number, 
   * Email address, 
   * Address, 
   * NIF,
   * NISS,
   * SNS number,
   * Nacionality, 
   * Country of origin, 
   * Native language, 
   * Emergency contact, 
   * Medical history;

* **AC01:** Refugee protocol number must be in a valid format. 
* **AC02:** Date of Birth must be in a valid format.
* **AC03:** Phone number must be in a valid format.
* **AC04:** NIF must be in a valid format.
* **AC05:** NISS must be in a valid format.
* **AC06:** SNS number must be in a valid format.
* **AC07:** Address should be complete and accurate.
* **AC08:** Medical History should be recorded accurately.


