# UC002 - Register a Professional on the application

## 1. Requirements Engineering

### 1.1. Primary Actor
Professional

### 1.2. Stakeholders and interests
Professional: Wants to register a new professional on the application.

### 1.3. Preconditions
Professional is logged into the system.
System is operational.

### 1.4. Success Guarantee
A new professional is successfully registered on the application.

### 1.5. Main Success Scenario
1. The professional initiates the registering process.
2. The system prompts the professional to enter his information, including:
      - First name
      - Last name
      - Birth date
      - Gender
      - Phone number
      - Email address
      - Address (Street name, postal code, city and country)
      - NIF
      - Nationality
      - Native language
      - Others languages
      - License Number
      - Profession
      - Category
      - Bank account informations (Bank name, IBAN, Bank account holder name )


3. The professional provides the necessary information.
4. The system validates the entered data.
5. The professional confirms the registration.
6. The system records the professional information and confirms successful registration.

### 1.6. Extensions
*a. The professional asks to cancel the creation of a new professional.
    1. The use case ends
4a. The system detects invalid data
    1. The system notifies which is the problem
    2. The system allows the correction (step 3)

### 1.7. Special Requirements
* **AC01:** The professional should have the following mandatory attributes: 

   * First name, 
   * Last name, 
   * Birth date, 
   * Gender, 
   * Phone number, 
   * Email address, 
   * Address, 
   * NIF, 
   * Native language, 
   * Other languages, 
   * License Number, 
   * Profession, 
   * Category, 
   * Bank account informations (Bank name, IBAN, Bank account holder name );
  
* **AC02:** Date of Birth must be in a valid format.
* **AC03:** Address should be complete and accurate.
* **AC04:** Phone number must be in a valid format.
* **AC05:** NIF must be in a valid format.
* **AC06:** License number should be valid.
* **AC07:** Bank account informations must be accurate.


